fix(docs): Adding new dependecies in wallet messaging (#891)
fetchai/docs: pages/examples/intermediate/wallet-messaging.mdx

### Script Execution

    - Open terminal and navigate to the folder where `wallet_messaging.py` is stored.

>     - Run `pip3 install uagents fetchai-babble` on your terminal.

Reviewer: This should really be done by installing using the uagents wallet extra (https://github.com/fetchai/uAgents/blob/main/python/pyproject.toml#L43):
```suggestion
    - Run `pip3 install uagents[wallet]` on your terminal.
```
